[NFC] Fix stale hyperlinks (#2581)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/miopen/CHANGELOG.md

- typo in components dependency variable in CMakeLists.txt
- issues with COMgr backed online compilation for HIP kernels
### Known issues

> - This release may show warnings for "obsolete configs" in the performance database. This can be fixed by rerunning tuning on a specfic network; [see tuning documentation](https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries/blob/develop/projects/miopen/docs/conceptual/perfdb.rst#using-miopen_find_enforce-or-miopensettuningpolicy-to-control-auto-tuning)

Reviewer: It may be better to reference the published MIOpen documentation
```suggestion
- This release may show warnings for "obsolete configs" in the performance database. This can be fixed by rerunning tuning on a specfic network; [see tuning documentation](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/MIOpen/en/latest/conceptual/perfdb.html#using-miopen-find-enforce-or-miopensettuningpolicy-to-control-auto-tuning)
```

## MIOpen 2.7.0 for ROCm 3.8.0

> - This release contains a new reduction API; see [API documentation](https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries/blob/develop/projects/miopen/docs/conceptual/porting-guide.rst) for more information. Additional features for embedded builds have been added, and further support for 3D convolutional networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This release contains a new reduction API; see [API documentation](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/MIOpen/en/latest/reference/index.html) for more information. Additional features for embedded builds have been added, and further support for 3D convolutional networks.
```

### Notes
- This release contains convolution performance improvements, improved multi-threading behavior, and improved stability for half precision convolutions. Initial iteration time has been reduced with the introduction of hybrid find mode. Builds for a static library have been refined for this release.
### Added

> - MIOPEN_FIND_MODE=3 as the new default convolution Find mode; see documentation [here](https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries/blob/develop/projects/miopen/docs/conceptual/finddb.rst) for details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MIOPEN_FIND_MODE=3 as the new default convolution Find mode; see documentation [here](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/MIOpen/en/latest/how-to/find-and-immediate.html#find-modes) for details
```

### Notes
- This release contains bug fixes, performance improvements, and expanded applicability for specific convolutional algorithms.
- MIOpen has posted a citable paper on ArXiv [here](https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.00078).

> - An SQLite database has been added to replace the text-based performance database. While the text file still exists, by default SQLite is used over the text-based performance database; see [documentation](https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries/blob/develop/projects/miopen/docs/conceptual/perfdb.rst) from more details.

Reviewer: Formally, https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/MIOpen/en/latest/conceptual/perfdb.html exists, but it says nothing about SQLite.
```suggestion
- An SQLite database has been added to replace the text-based performance database. While the text file still exists, by default SQLite is used over the text-based performance database.
```

### Known issues
- RNNs do not support fp16
- Training with CNNs does not support fp16

> - Users may encounter a warning that their performance database is out of date. The performance database can be updated by setting the environment variable for just the initial run of an application: `MIOPEN_FIND_ENFORCE=search`. For more information on the performance database, see: https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries/blob/develop/projects/miopen/docs/conceptual/perfdb.rst#

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users may encounter a warning that their performance database is out of date. The performance database can be updated by setting the environment variable for just the initial run of an application: `MIOPEN_FIND_ENFORCE=search`. For more information on the performance database, see: https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/MIOpen/en/latest/conceptual/perfdb.html
```

### Known issues
- RNNs do not support fp16
- Training with CNNs does not support fp16

> - Users may encounter a warning that their performance database is out of date. The performance database can be updated by setting the environment variable for just the initial run of an application: `MIOPEN_FIND_ENFORCE=search`. For more information on the performance database, see: https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries/blob/develop/projects/miopen/docs/conceptual/perfdb.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users may encounter a warning that their performance database is out of date. The performance database can be updated by setting the environment variable for just the initial run of an application: `MIOPEN_FIND_ENFORCE=search`. For more information on the performance database, see: https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/MIOpen/en/latest/conceptual/perfdb.html
```
